it's a series well it's often
representative just a sum of sequences a
sum of a sequence so for example the
arithmetic sequence sorry the arithmetic
series is just the sum of the arithmetic
sequence so one plus two plus three plus
we could keep going until maybe some
number this is called the arithmetic
series or if motiki's dog and the sums
without necessarily having to write out
all of the digits or having to keep you
know doing this dot dot dot plus
notation and that's and that notation is
Sigma notation Sigma that's an uppercase
Sigma and how do you use Sigma notation
well let's say I wanted to represent
this arithmetic series so I would say
well let's add up a bunch of let's call
them Ches and this is an arbitrary
variable and we'll start at K equals one
we'll start at K equals one and we'll go
to K is equal to big n and this is the
exact same thing so we first say make k
equal to one and then we add it to k is
equal to two plus three and we go all
the way until n minus 1 and plus n so
this is a the Sigma notation for the
arithmetic series before I move on I
think this is a good time just to like
learn a little bit more about their
arithmetic series well actually focus on
this one and the geometric series
because those are the two that you'll
you'll see most often and then once you
learn calculus I'll show you the the
power and Taylor's here which is the
exact Taylor series is a specific
version of a power series but let's play
around with this over I keep wanting to
say arithmetic put arithmetic either way
series